Luscious Locks: Make new line separation evident (#37)
illinois-cs241/assignment-docs: lockpicking_lab.md

## Answer Submission

> There is a file in your repository called `submission.txt`. You should provide the answers to each phase of the safe in this file. Answers should be newline separated. For example if you think the safe has three phases and the answers to the phases are `answer1`, `answer2`, `answer3` then your `submission.txt` should look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a file in your repository called `submission.txt`. You should provide the answers to each phase of the safe in this file. Answers should be separated by Unix newlines (`\n` also known as line feed (LF)). For example if you think the safe has three phases and the answers to the phases are `answer1`, `answer2`, `answer3` then your `submission.txt` should look like:
```

Author: We usually just use "newline-separated" other docs as well. Usually, it does not have double meaning?

Reviewer: I think it's better to be explicit, since for Windows, a newline means \r\n.
See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newline
